# Outline

## Deadline: April 26th, 2023 by 9am

## Names: Pallas Cain and Haylee Pierce

Theme: Discussing the Fears of AI
Media: Talk Show Video with guest interviews

### Outline/Script:

#### Show intro sequence displays "The Paisley Show"

Pallas (Announcer) : Paisley Productions Present... The Paisley Show

#### Welcome guest to the show
Pallas (Host) : Hello welcome back everyone to the Paisley Show! Tonight we have a very special guest, Haylee Pierce. Haylee is an experineced computer science student with a lot of experience with AI. Today they are going to discuss with us their thoughts on AI in education. Hello, how are you feeling today?

Haylee (CS Student Guest) : I am feeling great. 

Pallas (Host) : That's great to hear. So jumping into this we have recently heard there has been a lot of fears on campus about AI taking over education. Let's take a look at what the CS students have been saying.

#### First Interview; scared CS student

Pallas (Inteviewer) : What are your feelings about AI in education?

Student 1 : To be honest, I am so *scared* about AI replacing the need for me as a CS student. Like AI can write its own code instantly?! Like how am I supposed to compete with that??

Pallas (Host) : Wow that was pretty intense. How do you respond?

Haylee (CS Student Guest) : Well, while their fears are valid, I would have to comment that there will always be a demand for people to fix and debug the code itself. AI can only be as good as you train it to be, leaving that necessary human element. AI is actually creating demand for new jobs not including the AI coders themselves such as prompt engineers, avatar designers, 3-D printing engineers (Class 5/19/2023 14.Self-supervised.pdf). 

Pallas (Host) : Ok that makes a lot of sense. Now let's see how the professors are feeling.

#### (Second Interview; scared professor

Pallas (Inteviewer) : What are your feelings about AI in education?

Professor 1 : AI is going to develop into the easiest way out for students. If you already think students cheat a lot, the current AI is starting to write profiecient essays that it is so hard to check if there's plagerism. It is already driving me crazy and it'll only get worse.

Pallas (Host) : I see, professors are scared of plargerism running rampant. As a CS student do you think that's what it's going to develop into?

Haylee (CS Student Guest) : Plagerism is definetly something to look out for especially with all these new technologies. However, with the rise in AI that use natural language processing we also are getting AI able to detect Chat GPT. Plagerism checkers like Turnitin use machine learning as well as human experience to be able to detect text generated by AI such as Chat GPT (source https://schoolio.com/can-teachers-detect-chatgpt/).

Pallas (Host) :  Wow that's super good news to hear. I was really worried about how people might take advantage and break the honor code using AI. Next let's check what a student outside of Computer Science has to say.

#### Third Interview; scared non-CS student

Pallas (Inteviewer) : What are your feelings about AI in education?

Student 2 : AI is so scary and confusing and I hate how they are trying to steal all our information to train them goofy things. It has to steal it's answers from somewhere. And it's scary to think that big AI coorporations have so much data and power over us.

Pallas (Inteviewer) : So privacy and data farming is the biggest issues for you, would you say.

Student 2 : Absolutely, yes. 

Pallas (Host) : Ok, so is privacy a legitmate concern when it comes to using AI in education? And they do bring up a good point about how are these platforms getting their answers? 

Haylee (CS Student Guest) : Actually privacy is a real and legitmate concern for users of all types of AI, not just ones in education. People have the right to privacy in all aspects of their time online. That being said people do still have to be careful what information they do and don't give out online. It is super important for the computer scienctists writing the AI to prioritze user privacy and transparency in their policies. AI is often trained off of user input in addition to the initial training set so it is important that we support government policies that enforce transparency between the users and the creators. (Source: https://www.thedigitalspeaker.com/privacy-age-ai-risks-challenges-solutions/#:~:text=The%20Issue%20of%20Violation%20of%20Privacy&text=One%20of%20the%20primary%20challenges,as%20identity%20theft%20or%20cyberbullying.) 

Pallas (Host) : That's fair and we should also keep in mind that an ethical programmer makes sure the data they are training off of has the consent of the intitial creator to use.

#### Final Questions from Host

Pallas (Host) : Lastly, I have one last question to ask you Haylee.

Haylee (CS Student Guest) : I'd love too answer, ask away!

Pallas (Host) : We have heard a lot about people's fears of AI in education... so we don't end on a sour note are there any postives you can think of?

Haylee (CS Student Guest) : Oh yes! There are plenty! Computer scienctists have been implimenting tons of exciting ways to use AI to help improve educataion. One example is adaptive AI that will tailor itslef to the students learning style and what they do or don't know. AI is also improving students time management abilities with sceduling applications. Programmers are also working with AI to improve education accessibility with programs specially designed to help students with their pacticular needs. (Source: https://onlinedegrees.sandiego.edu/artificial-intelligence-education/) 

#### Thank you for coming sequence and recap

Pallas (Host) : Thank you for this information, and it was a pleasure having you. Thank you for giving us all a little more insight into AI technology. Join us next time on the Paisley Show where we will be discussing recurrent neural networks.
